[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER 1: So we previously did
an episode on JavaScript module
bundling.
SPEAKER 2: Lies.
SPEAKER 1: And then you spent
three weeks crying in a corner,
because we did that show.
SPEAKER 2: Mm-hm.
And then, someone actually
brought out the thing
that we said was a joke.
I can't remember what it was.
It was like rollup, like, pack
a file, some weird mix of stuff.
And then it became a thing.
SPEAKER 1: Frankenstein's
JavaScript monster.
It was great.
SPEAKER 2: I would
actually love it,
if a module came out that was
Frankenstein.js or something.
It probably exists.
SPEAKER 1: It probably is.
It's probably a library.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
Anyway, sorry.
Where were you going with that?
SPEAKER 1: Today, I wanted
to talk a little bit more
about webpack, and specifically
giving people three tips.
I've been doing some
research recently
into React and web performance
on real-world devices,
and this was sort of
backed up by the survey
that I did where I asked
people, what are you
doing with React in production?
Are you using
webpack? webpack 1, 2?
Browser file?
What are you doing?
SPEAKER 2: Whether they
were bundling or not,
and how they were picking
it, and-- yeah, yeah.
SPEAKER 1: Yeah.
And What I discovered
was that a lot of people
are confused by code splitting.
But concepts like code
splitting, some people
are using it, some are not.
Some are using it, and then
not entirely understanding
how to do it right.
So I wanted to quickly cover
some of the concepts there
[INAUDIBLE].
So do you know what
code splitting is?
SPEAKER 2: That's the way that
you-- basically, this window,
or this bundle should consist
of these files, right?
And then you kind
of say, so that's
going to be bundle 1, that's
going to be bundle 2, that's
going to be bundle 3.
So splitting is the act of
deciding where those lines are.
SPEAKER 1: Right.
And if you're doing
it intelligently--
maybe you're just
going to ship down
the smallest amount
of JavaScript
necessary for a route,
or a view to your users,
and then lazy load in the rest.
This isn't a new idea.
Gmail did it a
million years ago.
In webpack, it's
pretty-- I would
say that, once you know
how code splitting works,
it's pretty trivial to
do on every project.
But it's getting to that point
that it requires you to read,
like, a bajillion blog posts.
SPEAKER 2: So you're going
to do it in this five tip?
SPEAKER 1: I'm going to
cover it in 15 seconds.
So in webpack, if you're using
require.ensure in your webpack
1 code, it will basically allow
you to apply code splitting.
If you're using
webpack 2, you can
use system.import to
do the same thing.
So if it detects that
you're using that,
it'll allow you to basically
split up that bundle,
based on that particular
blob of JS being used.
So every time it runs
into a require.ensure
for, say, a view, it'll put
that code into a new chunk.
And if you navigate
to that chunk--
so if you happen
to be using webpack
with things like
react-router, for example,
it plays in really,
really nicely.
You can just load in the
JS necessary for a route,
and then lazy load in the
other pieces as needed.
Where people get tripped
up here is either
they'll use code
splitting, or they'll
think they'll use code
splitting-- because webpack
also supports this other idea
called, the CommonsChunkPlugin.
So the CommonsChunkPlugin--
so normally in an app,
let's say you're
using libraries,
or frameworks, or
whatever, right.
You could have multiple
views, some of which
are going to have
similar code, right?
And that's sort of your
vendor bundle, right?
And that's code that you
may need to load up upfront,
in order to get the
route useful in any way.
It might be a load hash, or your
React, or whatever have you.
SPEAKER 2: This is kind of the
stuff that has to be loaded,
no matter what.
And it's common enough
that it should just-- even
if it's large, it's kind
of like, OK, take the hit,
because every single
page is gonna need it.
SPEAKER 1: Exactly.
So the CommonsChunkPlugin
helps you basically
split out the stuff that's
common between your different
modules into--
SPEAKER 2: OK.
SPEAKER 1: --into a
common vendor bundle.
SPEAKER 2: Yep.
SPEAKER 1: Right?
So that's tip two.
Now, where people are
running into issues
with code splitting is that
they're splitting their code,
but they're still,
in many cases,
shipping down a huge
blob of JavaScript
that they don't necessarily
need for just the stuff
that route's going to do.
So what I was
seeing in the traces
I was profiling was some
people are shipping up
to a meg of JavaScript, just
for a single route, which
is kind of crazy.
SPEAKER 2: And is this because
they've got a large vendor JS?
Like a large common vendor JS?
Or is it just--
SPEAKER 1: It's a mix of things.
Sometimes, it's a
large vendor bundle
where they're just happening
to ship down libraries
that that route doesn't need.
In other cases,
it's where they're
loading in stuff for other
routes by accident, or just
not being particularly
diligent about what
they're including in the
main chunks for each view.
So that's a good thing
to stay on top of.
Just keep in mind
what size-- webpack
has got this way of summarizing
all of the chunk sizes,
when you're doing code splitting
in their point of view.
Just keep an eye on those sizes.
Currently, we've been
working on an RFC for webpack
to maybe try providing
you performance
insights, or performance
budget of some sort.
And if something
like that lands,
I think it'll,
hopefully, make it
a little bit easier
for people to know
that they have an issue.
SPEAKER 2: Another
thing I see you're
looking at where it might
show a red line going,
this is X amount of
kilobytes or megabytes,
and you should seriously
consider breaking it up.
SPEAKER 1: The other tip was,
if you happen to be using HB2,
there is another
webpack plugin, called
the AggressiveSplittingPlugin.
Just sounds really violent.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah,
I was gonna say,
that doesn't sound like
something I'd want.
SPEAKER 1: The
AggressiveSplittingPlugin
basically gives you
a way to split up
your chunks with a
maximum and minimum size.
So you can specify
exactly what--
it's like upper bounds you
want, and it will figure out
some magic around that
to make those work.
SPEAKER 2: That
sounds very risky.
I don't know why, just
the idea of, oh, you've
reached this certain max
size, so chop it in half,
and don't worry about it.
SPEAKER 1: It works in practice.
I think it's
definitely something
that people need to spend
a little bit more time on.
But it's supported.
It's good to know that
webpack is sort of exploring
the ideas around H2.
I think that, in addition
to sort of-- so we've
talked about three tips.
We've talked about code
splitting, CommonsChunkPlugin,
AggressiveSplittingPlugin.
As always, because we're all
about the service worker,
if you're gonna use
all these libraries
and things in your
builds these days,
it's great to not have to
pay as much cost to the user
to load them up again
on Repeat visit.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
SPEAKER 1: So there are
plugins, like Service Worker,
or Precache Webpack
Plugin, which
let you use Service Worker
Precache, which we work on.
And that's beautiful.
SPEAKER 2: Just builds your
Service Worker for you.
You don't have to
think about it.
SPEAKER 1: Yep.
Saves your users time, when
it comes to that Repeat visit.
So check that out, as well.
Plenty more webpack tips
in some of the articles
that we've been tweeting
about lately and writing,
so check those out.
SPEAKER 2: Because I
believe you've been
writing a lot on Medium lately.
SPEAKER 1: I have been writing
a lot on Medium lately.
People can check that stuff
out, if they so please.
Those are just a
few webpack tips.
And hopefully, they
will come in useful.
SPEAKER 2: Yeah.
[MUSIC PLAYING]